DOCUMENT Object
		
		A document is an object inside the window object and we use a document object for manipulation inside the document.
		The document object represents a web page that is loaded in the browser. By accessing the document object, we can access the element in the HTML page.
		With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. The document object can be accessed with a window.document or just document.
		The first thing that gets loaded into the browser is the window and the properties related to that window are stored in the window object. 
		Properties related to window objects are length, innerWidth, innerHeight, caches, etc.
		Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title
		
		Syntax: document.MY_name;

WINDOW OBJECT
		
		The window is at a root/top level at the JavaScript object hierarchy. It is a global/root object in JavaScript and it is the root object of the Document object model(DOM);
		The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
		Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created.
		So after the window gets loaded then there’s a document (HTML, PHP, or another document) loaded inside that window, 
		and the properties related to that document is stored in the document object. Properties related to document objects are title, URL, cookie, etc.		
		Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.

		Syntax: window.MY_name;

DOCUMENT   VS WINDOW
		
		It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.  VS    It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.   

		It is loaded inside the window.    VS    It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.
	
		It is the object of window property.  VS     It is the object of the browser.

		All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.   VS   Global objects, functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.

		We can access the document from a window using the window. document  VS    We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window

		The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and dom (Document object model)  VS     The window is part of BOM, not DOM.
